#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Lab 2 Prelab
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Yixiang Gao
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
hough: computes the Standard Hough Transform (SHT) of the binary image.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
houghlines: extracts line segments in the image BW associated with particular
 bins in a Hough transform.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
houghpeaks: locates peaks in the Hough transform matrix, H, generated by
 the hough function.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
edge: returns a binary image BW containing 1s where the function finds edges
 in the input image I and 0s elsewhere.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
bwlabel: returns the label matrix L that contains labels for the 8-connected
 objects found in BW.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
graythresh: returns the single threshold value thresh computed for image
 A using Otsu's method.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
bwconncomp: returns the connected components CC found in the binary image
 BW.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
regionprops: returns measurements for the set of properties specified by
 properties for each 8-connected component (object) in the binary image,
 BW.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
